feat(types.mdx): add hint for difference of tuples and lists (#35957)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/expressions/types.mdx

require a comma between values. A comma after the final value is allowed,
but not required. Values in a list can be arbitrary expressions.

> List and tuples have differences regarding allowed types. See [tuples](/terraform/language/expressions/type-constraints#tuple) and [lists](/terraform/language/expressions/type-constraints#list)

Reviewer: Tried expanding on this a bit for clarity: 
```suggestion
Lists and tuples each have different constraints on the types they allow. For more information on the types that each allows, refer to [tuples](/terraform/language/expressions/type-constraints#tuple) and [lists](/terraform/language/expressions/type-constraints#list).
```

require a comma between values. A comma after the final value is allowed,
but not required. Values in a list can be arbitrary expressions.

> Tuples do allow elements to have mixed data types, like `["a", 15, true]`. 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps better to link to the "Type Constraints" page which describes the types in more detail, or at least use the same verbiage to keep things consistent in the documentation.
